This is a supplementary FONTLOG for the Arabic test. It should be read in
conjunction with the main FONTLOG.txt file which is one level up.

2015-11-26 (Iain Lane, Paul Sladen) Ubuntu Font Family version 0.84+arabic
  This is a public release of Arabic to Ubuntu Xenial Xerus, a pre-release
  version of Ubuntu. It may contain bugs.

  Due to differences in metrics compared to the other Ubuntu fonts, the Arabic
  font is shipped as a separate font "Ubuntu Arabic". We have provided with
  this distribution a "fontconfig" rule that should make most applications
  select Ubuntu Arabic when writing Arabic text using the Ubuntu font. Without
  this "fontconfig" rule in place, users will need to select "Ubuntu Arabic"
  manually in order to use Ubuntu Arabic.

  The versionining problems mentioned under "Test font" for version
  0.83+arabic-nonfree below are not resolved.

2015-09-15 (Iain Lane, Paul Sladen) Ubuntu Font Family version 0.83+arabic-nonfree

  Please note that this is an incomplete test font for gathering feedback on
  Arabic-script metrics only. It is NOT for distribution, all rights are
  reserved and no permission is granted for distribution.

  Please only use the PPA for testing, and try to avoid manual installation:
  using the PPA allows new and final test versions to be automatically pushed
  out when available.

  Coverage:

  Like Latin script, Arabic script is used for several languages: Persian,
  Urdu, aswell as Arabic.

  Test font:

  The 0.83+arabic test font will appear as "Ubuntu Arab 0.81 met", which is
  short for "Ubuntu Arabic 0.81 metrics test" and will need to be manually
  selected in the application you're testing.  In order to get it to people as
  quickly as possible the file is as-supplied by Dalton Maag: It is "0.83 +
  arabic", versioned 0.000, labelled 0.81 and with 0.910 at the U+EFFD
  test-debug position.  It is fully appreciated that this ambiguity is likely
  to cause communication difficulties in performing Quality-Assurance and
  gathering feedback, however the desire is to make this available quickly.

  Scaling:

  This test version is the same height as the existing Ubuntu fonts have been
  since 2010.  In August 2015 a version with an 85%-scaled Arabic was tested
  privately.  With some combinations of double-stacked Arabic diacriticals in
  some applications clipping may occur when the diacriticals extending off the
  top or bottom.  There is a trade-off between clipping or scaling to fit.

  The decision to return to 100% scaling for the Arabic-script coverage.
  sizing was based on a private testing programme performed in August 2015 that
  showed a clear preference for retaining the ratio between the Ubuntu Latin
  and Ubuntu Arabic sizing.  This size is very close to DejaVu Sans Arabic,
  Ubuntu's traditional fallback Arabic script font in the default user
  interface.

